Luo, you are here.
Help, this beast is going to break my Jiangnan Yundao
Yes, Luo Shaofu is this person
You want to take this little bitch for your own personal gain
Regardless of the life and death of the entire Jiangnan people
Luo Shaofu, we have been in Jiangnan for the past 20 years
But I have always been taken care of by you.
Are you going to call the shots for us today?
How many women are my masters?
You said he was going to break your luck
Take away the little bitch
Yeah, that's him.
You said he also protected the lives of all you Jiangnan people
That's right, the richest man
He's hitting you in the face.
That's what you should do.
Luo Shoufu, that's you, damn it
Lying down to see the young master
See Young Master
The young master actually called him the young master
Young Master Young Master
Thousands of miles late
Please also ask the young master to punish shamelessly
Otherwise I don't know yet
I offended the whole of Jiangnan
Become the sinner of the whole of Jiangnan
So your Jiangnan family is going to rebel
How should the young master deal with these people?
You can't handle our richest man
You don't know the whole story.
King Zhengbei suppressed our Jiangnan for 20 years
Now the king of Zhenbei gives marriage
As long as my brother marries Jiang Yuxin
Jiangnan will lift the ban
Back to normal
Even if you are a great summer wife
Even if you call him a young master
Don't deceive too much